This folder contains the code and data required to partially replicate the article 
"A Scoping Review of (Dis-)Incentives for Animal Welfare-improving Farming Practices"
by Trevor Woolley, Sharon Pailler, Jon McFadden, Sharon Raszap, Zach Raff, and Kevin Kuruc.
Code written by Trevor Woolley. For ease of replicability, I did my best to define 
directory paths as global macros, however, some directories may be harcoded. Be sure to
change these as needed.

Code is written entirely in Stata except for code files 3 and 5, which are written in 
Python to perform Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA).

Code files are numbered so that files must be performed in numerical order (a file 
numbered "4" must be performed before code numbered "5"). All pieces of this project are 
replicable except the manual ("human") review that occurs between code file 6 and 10. 
It is therefore impossible to provide one dataset from which all steps can be reconstructed
from start to finish. 

As such, I have included the folder "\NatureFood2025_data" all datasets necessary for running 
code files 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 11, 12a, 12b, 12c, and 12d. But to avoid cluttering the folder 
with duplicate and unreproducable data, the data required to run the following code files 
are not included in the data folder: 1 (which appends all raw data and eliminates duplicates),
7 (which uses data generated by code file 6, separated and reviewed/edited by five reviewers
--produced by manual abstract review), 8 (which uses data generated by code file 7, separated 
and reviewed/edited by two reviewers--produced by manual abstract review), and 9 (which 
appends seven separated and reviewed/edited datasets produced during the manual full-paper 
review).

The dataset for reproducing figures in the paper is "final_data.dta", which is used in files 
11, 12a, 12b, 12c, and 12d.
